hey everyone it's neil patel and today
is another day of growth hacking
unlocked in today's lesson we're going
to talk about how you can use technology
to grow faster with your marketing if
you miss any of the previous lessons on
growth hacking you can find them all at
neilpatel.com training and then click on
growth hacking unlocked as i mentioned
we're going to be covering technology
and we're going to be going really
in-depth on how in essence you can end
up using it to push through boundaries
and grow faster in other words think of
a maze you don't have to go through the
maze to get to the end there are
shortcuts and we're going to cover how
you can use these shortcuts with
technology a great example of this is
airbnb when airbnb first started they
lacked listings so what did they do they
leveraged craigslist and started
scraping their listings so that way they
would have listings from day one you can
leverage communities like craigslist
subreddits facebook groups quora niche
forms twitter instagram and even others
to grow faster
i also recommend that you always
continually test
right so when you're using when you're
trying to grow your app your software
your ecommerce store think about all
right what do my users want to see how
can i give them more of it and how can i
grow faster if i give more of what they
want with instagram i know it's owned by
facebook now and you know that as well
but eventually or at the beginning it
wasn't
and they grew really fast by focusing on
the photos feature because that was one
of the fastest growing areas of
instagram and they really focus on it
through filters
spotify did something similar they
encourage sharing and they encourage
sharing on facebook so they're
leveraging that community to grow faster
another example of how you can use
technology is to install tools
whether it's a seo tool or a quiz or a
calculator the list of tools are endless
and you can go to sites like codecanyon
to find tools for 5 10 15 twenty dollars
white label them and pop them on your
website i did something similar with
uber suggests uh of course i built it
from scratch um i've technically i
bought the tool from someone else who
owned uber says before me but then i
rebuilt the whole product and that ended
up driving a large portion of our
traffic now we get over 2 million visits
a month just from uber suggests
that's the power of tools
another example bank rate loan
calculators that has done extremely well
for them over time something similar
with nerd wallet they use you know a
checking account and they do comparisons
uh this is an interest checker and
that's done well for them here's another
one on credit cards this is balance
transfer calculator
and when you just think about these
these pages tend to rank high have high
usage high repeat usage and they tend to
generate a lot of natural backlinks even
google themselves builds a lot of tools
here's just an example of some of the
tools that they have in their ecosystem
another big area for growth is your
checkout whether you're e-commerce or
not you probably have a checkout page
even me a software company has a
checkout page right and we found that if
you leverage two-step checkouts so if
you ask for like their email password
first or name and email first and then
on the second step you ask for all the
credit card details we typically see a
10 increase in sales just from that one
change some other quick changes that you
can make to your checkout page trust
seals they used to provide a lot more
conversions uh in the past like around
still provides a lift just not as much
as that anymore product shots we've seen
huge lifts from this progress bar
knowing that people are almost done
we've seen that help as well and even if
you do all these things you'll find that
there's another area to also improve
your sales and that's cart abandonment
because no matter how good you are with
fine-tuning your checkout not everyone
converts a car abandonment sequence
is how do you get people to come back
and complete the checkout on average
69.23 percent of people abandon their
car 260 billion dollars are
re-recoverable through checkout
optimizations and large-scale checkout
testing and you can do a lot of things
like email sequences and when you do
email sequences saying like hey come
back you know the more specific you are
the more personal you are and if you
offer incentive the better off you're
going to be
you can also do exit pop-ups or lead
magnets to also end up getting people to
come back like hey you know don't miss
this you get the email and then from
there boom you start sending them
sequences and then you get them to come
back and buy from you there's also a lot
of other sales opportunities that people
take for granted one of the simplest
ones and this is what i want to end on
because it's a high note and i love it
is call people back within an hour
seriously just call them back with an
hour harvard business reviews did a
study with
2241 u.s firms when they contacted leads
within the first hour there are seven
times more likely to have meaningful
conversations with key decision makers
rule of thumb one hour means 80 to 85
percent that you're gonna end up getting
responses and getting a hold of people
four hours it starts dropping down to
half and the moment you start looking
out past days the numbers just go down
now if you need help with your growth
hacking check out my ad agency np
digital if you enjoyed this video like
it share it tell the people about it and
if you just have any questions you can
leave a comment below or just email
support neilpatel.com we're always here
to help thank you for watching